Add User Group Sharing UMAPI docs (#91)
adobe-apiplatform/umapi-documentation: docs/en/api/getUserGroups.md

__userCount:__ _long_  
The number of users in the group. {% include_relative partials/mayNotBePresent.md %}

__isReadOnly:__ _boolean_

> Indicates if it is possible to directly add and remove users from the group. See full discussion at [Share User Groups](https://www.adobe.com/go/user_group_share)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Indicates if it is possible to directly add and remove users from the group. Further information is available at [Share User Groups](https://www.adobe.com/go/user_group_share)
```
